>> Kyle Simpson: All right,
the third way that we'll look at
invoking functions uses the new keyword.
And I fully understand that the new
keyword seems as if it has something to
do with invoking class constructors.
This has not got anything
to do with classes.
It's just an unfortunate syntactic
trick to make it look like it's dealing
with classes when it really isn't.
Actually, the new keyword is the third
way that you can invoke a function.
And it turns out that it does
four very specific things,
which I'm about to list for you.
It does four very specific things,
which are not particularly obvious
when you look at the call say.
But the purpose of the new
keyword is actually to invoke
a function with a this keyword
pointing at a whole new empty object.
If we have invoking functions and
pointing them at a context object,
like a workshop.ask, that's one way.
Or we say I'm gonna invoke a function and
give it a specific object with .call or
.apply or I'm gonna force it with a .bind.
A third way of doing it is to say
I wanna invoke a function and
use a whole new empty object.
And the new keyword can accomplish that.
It does other stuff, but
it also accomplishes that task,
which is to invoke a function
with a new empty object.
Now, I would say that you could
accomplish that same goal
by saying, function dot call,
open, close curly bracket.
Cuz that would invoke your function in
the context of a brand new empty object.
So the new keyword isn't actually buying
you much except the syntactic sugar of,
hey I want this function invoked
with a new this content.
That's our third and
final way of doing it.
So what are those four things by the way?
You're gonna wanna be able to
refer back to this slide in a bit.
What are the four things
that the this keyword,
that the new keyword is going to do when
it's used to invoke our function, what I
call a with heavy air quotes a constructor
call, what are those four things?
Number 1, number 1 we create
a brand new empty object.
Well we already know that part but
we create a brand new empty object out
of thin air,
that's what the new keyword does.
Number 2, the new keyword links
that object to another object.
And you're thinking link, what?
That's why there's an asterisk there.
We'll come back and
explain the linkage later.
But it first creates a brand new
object and then links it somewhere.
And then number 3,
it invokes the function,
it calls the function with its, this,
keyword pointed at the new object.
Not the linked object, the new object.
>> Kyle Simpson: And fourth and finally,
the new keyword after the function call is
done, if that function does
not return its own object,
the new keyword assumes that you
meant to return this keyword.
>> Kyle Simpson: So these four things
happen every single time a new keyword is
invoked with a function.
Now I just wanna ask
sort of in a meta sense,
which one, when I describe it this way,
which of the two entities seems
like it's doing all the work?
Does it seem like the new keyword
is doing all the work, or
does it seem like your constructor
function's doing all the work?
>> Kyle Simpson: It's really
the new keyword, isn't it?
As a matter of fact, if you put new
in front of almost any function,
even a completely empty function,
all four of these things would happen.
It’s almost as if the function
doesn’t even matter.
The new keyword is just sort
of hijacking the function so
that it can do these four things.